---
layout: post
title: "Week 9: More Grace Hopper"
---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Things have been hectic so this post is a later than usual.  Our project was due the day before the project for 439 was also due and I had interviews to prepare for.  I’ll try to recall as much as I can from last week and write a little more about Grace Hopper.

Class related:
Allocator was straight-forward, as we wrote unit tests, we ran into a bug that kept leading to a segmentation fault.  It was due to accidentally referring to an object incorrectly, something we had changed in other parts of our code, but missed in one section.  If it weren’t for this one test, we might have not discovered it!

In class we implemented our own vector class and how to set default values for arguments.  It wasn’t easy! I’ll definitely need to review the material before our next exam.

Grace Hopper:
I went to the conference as a Hopper, meaning I volunteered so I didn’t have to pay for registration.  I enjoyed it because it allowed me to meet other volunteers, many who had also gone to the conference alone.

As a volunteer, I discovered it takes a long time to fill a room with 12,000 people.  For my shift, we directed incoming audience members to fill in the conference room for Shery Sandberg’s conversation with Nora Denzel, which I think had the largest audience for the event.  During the conversation Sandberg spoke about her experience as a woman in the tech industry in a leadership role and how she faced obstacles that came her way.  She encouraged women to join in Lean In circles, named like her book “Lean In.”  Lean in circles are small groups who meet regularly, providing a place for women to find support and encourages people to talk openly about gender issues.  This is a fairly new movement, so not all cities may have Lean In circles, but you can always start one, as long as there is someone willing to lead.  Check out the [Lean In website] (http://leanincircles.org/) to find or start a circle near you.

I was really excited to hear from Megan Smith, the CTO of the USA!  To be honest, I didn’t even know that this was a position until I attended Grace Hopper.  But it was AWESOME to hear about women who left the corporate industry to do great things for our nation.  As a former AmeriCorps member, this is something that resonates strongly with me.  After her talk, I saw her by the non-profit booths in the back of the career fair center and almost asked for a picture with her, but missed my chance!  It’s almost 5am so I’m done writing, but will try to update with actual details of her talk later.

[Link] (http://ghc.anitaborg.org/conference-overview/livestream-schedule-2015/wednesday-livestream-2015/) to her afternoon plenary.

**Tip of the Week**   
Tip from Sheryl Sandberg, also applicable to non-women:
Every day, write down three things you did well.   
For women:
Stay in tech!
