---
layout: post
title: "Week Three: Interview Season is Here"
---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We only really had one day of class this week, since Monday was labor day and Wednesday we had a guest speaker.  Still it was hectic since our first project was due.  The project was pretty long and had many details - I finished early, but when I was going over the requirements and piazza posts for the 5th or 6th time to make sure I didn’t miss anything, I realized I missed something with just 30 minutes left!  Luckily, it was an easy fix.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Wednesday, Chris Martin from Bloomberg gave a presentation about Bloomberg as well as some interviewing and job application advice.  It was interesting to see examples of what Bloomberg does and learn about the extent of their database.  I hadn’t really known much about Bloomberg, but the talk really made me interested in the company.  He also gave some good advice about resumes and interviews.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In class Friday, we went over exceptions.  Though I’d seen throws, trys, and catches in code before, I never really understood what they did and how they were used.  Some of the code from my summer internship used it (though in Java), so it was neat to learn something in class that was relatable to what I did in my internship.

**Tip of the week**
When researching companies and thinking about questions to ask recruiters and interviewers, make a priority list of what’s important to you in a job and company.  For example, for me, coworkers can make a big difference in how much job satisfaction I get.  Even though the company I was at dissolved over a year and half ago, I still workout with some of my old co-workers regularly and keep in touch with some others.  This type of community environment allowed me to enjoy working at the company, even though I didn’t really enjoy the job I had.

Also, remember, it’s a two-way relationship, you should want to give to the company as much as the company wants to offer you.  An internship should align with your career goals, not just be a stepping stone to something ‘better.’
