---
layout: post
title: "Week 5: 'Better to Try and Fail Than Never to Try at All'"
---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Downing advised us to “move heaven and earth to get an internship next summer,” so this past Monday I went to the FoCS brunch and CNS Career Fair with 40-50 resumes and some notes on my Evernote for the companies I wanted to target most.  Last year, I had just finished my first CS course when the career fair came around in the fall.  I thought that there was no chance of getting hired at the big, popular companies, so I didn’t even bother talking to them or looking at opportunities there.  This was a HUGE MISTAKE! Yes, I know my title is cliche, but seriously, try!  I found out too late that some companies like Google, Microsoft, and Square have programs for first and second years.  This year, I spoke to almost all of the companies I was interested in, and was able to land some interviews as well.  I used to have a lot of trouble speaking with strangers, but I find career fairs exciting and enjoy hearing about the different work that companies do.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Wednesday, Alexander Menzies rom NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory came and gave a presentation on the work they do there.  The projects they work on, including the ones that he pointed out interns had worked on, are really exciting.  He showed us how a short clip of the work that you’ve done in an internship can showcase your abilities really well.

**Tip of the Week**   
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Don’t be afraid to apply for internships just because you’re starting out in CS!  I was so intimidated last year, and really wish I hadn’t been.  This year, I’m going into my interviews with no prior exposure to a technical interview, something that could have been avoided if I had really tried to land an internship last year.  I’m doing my best to prepare now, so hopefully things will pan out.
