---
layout: post
title: "Week 14: Semester Finale"
---
Technically this is week 15, but week 14 of blog entries, since we didn’t have one over Thanksgiving week. 

I’m not going to lie. This course was a struggle for me and I would not have taken it as my first elective if I had known what to expect.  It requires a certain level of prior knowledge of programming concepts.

Things I would have done differently:
go over the C++ tutorials multiple times to make sure the concepts made sense, before and during the semester
Read about concepts in Java, to help understand the differences between Java and C++ better
print out the example codes before class
learn to implement data structures, not just use them, before taking this class
not taken it with 439 unless I was proficient in another language already

The projects were not terrible, but time consuming. The tests were difficult for me.  Even though I would leave class feeling like I understood most things, I didn’t always remember it later or I didn’t know how to write it again on my own.  Mostly, I think the difficulty of the class depends on how strong your background and fundamentals are.

The course was very well organized, and I appreciated that we did not have overlapping exams and projects.  One thing I think could be changed is just having a week for the first project, and use the extra week for another project, or an additional project.

Regarding content, I wish we talked more about object oriented programming in class, rather than just applying the concepts on our own for the projects.

Overall, the class organization and structure was great.  There was no ambiguity for when things were due, etc.  Downing explained concepts covered in class clearly, but I wish I had a recording or something to go back and listen to after.  If I had been a stronger programmer before the course, I would have enjoyed it much more.  The projects were very interesting and challenging.  We had many opportunities for extra credit, which was nice.  I’m grateful for this class because it highlighted where my knowledge gaps are, so now I know what things I need to be working on when I have the chance.

Oh, and I enjoyed creating my website for the portfolio, even though it isn't in quite the final state I visualized.  Will work on fixing it up more sometime later.

**Tip of the Week**   
Seriously, start the projects early.  Even if you’re a fast programmer, the volume of unit tests to write take a while.  And start studying early because there is a good bit of material on the exams as well.
