---
layout: post
title: "Week 13: Feel the Burn..."
---
...out.  It's been a bit hard to stay motivated, lately.  I've been reading and looking at/working on non-school related things to help not feel burnt out.  With Thanksgiving break and the last week of school coming up, I’ve moved my blog to a GitHub project page, rather than keeping it as a user page.  Our extra credit portfolios are due the last class day, and I want to use my user page as my website/side project.  

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Our final project was due Thursday and even though it was similar to Darwin, it still took a long time to do.  The quizzes and class have been more interesting to me lately as we combine the topics we’ve learned, such as inheritance and polymorphism.  Even though the topics seem more challenging, I think I’ve finally adjusted to the class style so I understand more, which makes it easier to recall information.  Hopefully I start out stronger in Software Engineering next spring, than I did with OOP.  I do wish I took SWE before OOP, partially because I would’ve had a visible project to talk about during recruiting.  But it ended up okay because I received an offer this week!  Another reason I wish I had taken SWE first is I’ve heard Python is an easier language to learn, and so I would’ve learned to adjust to the class structure with Python first, instead of C++.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;One thing that Downing does in class that I like is comparing Java and C++ to explain how C++ handles some concepts, such as dynamic binding.  However, it’s not always helpful in helping me understand during class because I don’t always know the concepts in Java beforehand.  It is still interesting to see see the comparison though, and I feel like I’ve learned a new thing about Java and a new thing about C++.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Our last exam is the week after Thanksgiving, which I am pretty worried about.  Much of this break will be spent studying for sure.

**Tip of the Week**   
If you don’t already have a side project, get one done early on, so that you’ll have something ready for the portfolio extra credit.
