---
layout: post
title: "Week 6: Preparation"
---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We finally had a full week of class, and were able to cover a lot of content.  We covered lambdas and continued iterators.  Lambdas are interesting because you have the return statement, parameters, and function body in just one line.  There’s definitely a lot to review before our first  exam coming up.  

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In class, I like that we work on understanding existing functions well enough to be able to write on on our own.  It reminds me a bit of our recent 439 pintos project, where we had to dictate how an “os kernel” function control threads when called by a user program.  

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Our first exam, will “consist entirely of writing code in C++.”  I think the exercises we’ve done in class will help us in our exam preparation.  In order to prepare, I plan on reviewing all of code files and links Downing has on his githubs, going over his quizzes and getting together with some classmates to quiz each other.  He has posted the topics and concepts we’ve covered in class, so that will be a good guideline on how to break up the sections.  We are also allowed one page of notes for the exam!

**Tip of the Week**
Recently, I found out about a coding challenge site that some companies use as part of their hiring process, https://www.lytmus.io/357 (the link is specific for college students/entry-level).  This seems like a good place to try getting an internship, rather than throwing your resume into a pile and hoping it gets reviewed and picked for an interview.

Also, I recommend going to Downing’s schedule and taking a look at the cplusplus link provided at the top of each code example/exercise.  It is particularly helpful to look at the previous day’s and day of class’s links for the quizzes.
