---
layout: post
title: "Week 11"
---
Friday, Downing called on me and I struggled with answering, but by the end I felt like I was understanding more and was able to follow along with other students’ answers later.  I still hate being called on because I get extremely nervous, but it gets better each time.  We started covering inheritance, which was interesting.  I had a vague idea of the concepts in Java, so the material seemed new to me overall, not just the differences between Java and C++.  We also talked a lot about when constructors, copy constructors, assignment copy, and destructors run.

Project Darwin was due this week.  It was our first object oriented programming project, which was neat, but my partner and I struggled to start it.  Even though we started early, we finished later than we wanted.  We weren’t familiar with how to design a project like this.  The readings helped some, but it was difficult to try an object oriented program for the first time on our own.  Writing an iterator class is still difficult for me as well, so we struggled with how to implement an iterator for our code. I also had a 439 exam the day before Darwin was due, which was stressful.  

One more project left and then we’re done with the semester!  I am pretty excited for this semester to be over so that I don’t have feel constantly stressed. 

**Tip of the Week**   
Start very early and put in a lot of work on the design of the overall project before coding.  Also, keep up with the assigned book readings, especially if you’re less familiar with how to implement object oriented programming design.
