---
layout: post
title: "Week 8: Grace Hopper Conference" 
---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;What an eventful week!  The Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing 
took place in Houston from Wednesday through Friday, so I only went to class on Monday.   I’m sure other students have already written about our new project, so I’ll focus on GHC. GHC “is the World's Largest Gathering of Women Technologists. It is produced by the Anita Borg Institute and presented in partnership with ACM.”  The conference brought together 12,000 attendees and included speakers like Sheryl Sandberg, COO of Facebook.  I was a first time attendee and was amazed by the opportunities and people I met.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Day one had the most interesting activities and talks in my opinion.  Since I’ve been interested in getting involved with civic service projects, I attended a couple of workshops with the open source label.  One was a workshop on how to get communities involved in open source, led by some faculty at the State University of New York at Albany and a Googler.  [Here’s](http://schedule.gracehopper.org/session/open-source-as-context-to-cultivating-technical-and-social-skills/) a short description.  We brainstormed on ways to start and grow involvement in an open source organization, making it sustainable if the original leaders left.  Then we compared it with the the strategies actually used by the faculty.  Overall, I think it would be interesting and useful if we were able to get involved with open source methodologies in our classes.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Along with many interesting talks, workshops, and discussions, GHC also hosts a 3-day career fair.  The first day was the most exciting for me, though I only spoke with four companies.  Yes, there’s the usual swag, but you also get a chance to speak with companies that aren’t normally at our UT career fairs - like Spotify or Slack.  You also have the chance to interview with some companies in person - there is a whole section of booths just for interviewing!  Definitely a great opportunity for students looking for an internship or job.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Next week I will also talk a little more about this conference, because there was just so much happening it deserves two entries!  You can view the livestream recordings for some of the keynotes and plenaries [here] (http://gracehopper.anitaborg.org/conference-overview/livestream-schedule-2015/).  Sheryl Sandberg spoke at the Thursday afternoon plenary.  Another one I strongly recommend is Friday morning’s keynote.

**Tip of the Week**   
Don’t be afraid to do things on your own.  Some students I spoke with before GHC said they hadn’t signed up because they didn’t know anyone else attending.  I signed up and attended alone, and was able to meet some great people who were also on their own.  It’s a great networking opportunity, and it’s always interesting to talk to new people.
