---
layout: post
title: "Week Four: Career Fair"
---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We started our second project this week - Australian Voting.  It’s definitely more complex than our first project, and pair programming is highly encouraged.  We just completed a pair programming project in another class, so this is the second time I’m working on it.  One thing I learned is that communication is very important.  Getting frustrated when you’re stuck is okay, but you should continue to communicate between partners about what you’re thinking, or else everyone loses.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Tomorrow is the career fair and Professor Downing has been encouraging us to attend and do whatever it takes to get an internship. Last year, I had just finished my first CS class when the career fair came around, and I remember feeling lacking confidence when speaking with companies.  In the spring, I was still nervous, since so many students seemed to have been coding for years, and I had just started the past summer.  I did end up having an internship over the summer though, and learned a lot about choosing a specific technology to implement an idea. I wish I had been more confident in my abilities during the career fair though, because I didn’t get to practice interviewing very much.  This semester, I will definitely go in with more confidence and try harder to land interviews.

**Tip of the Week**   
Be confident. Code as much as possible and keep track of what you’ve done so you can show employers.  In my last phone interview, they asked me to send them coding samples, so it’s helpful to have things ready to share.
