---
layout: post
title: "Week One: Reasons, Expectations, and First Impressions"
---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My reasons for taking this course begin with my background.  As a second-degree seeker, it gets expensive paying for school for the second time, so one of my goals is to graduate as soon as possible.  In order to do this, pursuing a BSA seems like the best option, but it only requires four Computer Science electives.  You could say that it only allows for four electives if you put it in terms of my goal.
  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So how do you select just four electives if you don’t actually know you will enjoy security, or mobile app development, gaming, or other concentration?  To decide, I started off by thinking about my priorities and what I wanted to get out of my remaining year to year-and-half at UT.
	
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Priorities and Considerations in Choosing My Courses

* useful and applicable to multiple areas of computer science and software development
* course known to have good content
* professor with a good reputation

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;After consulting with my boss from my summer internship, I had decided on OOP, SWE, Software Design, and Computer Networks or Network Security & Privacy, though this semester I’m taking OOP, 439, and Embedded Systems Software Development.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This past summer I sat in on a few of Professor Downing’s SWE lectures, so I was aware of his teaching style.  In class we look at code line-by-line, with Downing calling on students randomly.  That being said, it’s easy to get lost if you miss class or zone out even for a little bit.  From what people have said and this past week, this class will definitely require work, but worth it when it comes to learning important skills and concepts.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The class started off fast, as I expected, with us jumping into C++ code on the first day.  I don't know C or C++ well, so I watched a tutorial over the summer, and it helped me follow the code more easily than if I hadn't.  
  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I’m not quite sure what the best learning strategy is for me in this course.  It’s hard for me to remember things by just listening and sometimes I get behind when I try to write things down.  I don’t really want to print out every code snippet, since it seems like a waste of paper, but that might be my best option.  I’m also dreading being called on since my mind tends to blank when I’m put on the spot, though I’m sure as a CS student I’m not alone in this.  Also, I’ve improved at speaking in public as I’ve grown older, mostly from practice and realizing that most people really don’t care much or remember how you answer a question in class.  Luckily, Downing is not there to humiliate you for stumbling over an answer and cares more that we get to a place where we know and understand the content.

**Tip of the week**

Go through a C++ tutorial before the semester starts if you don't know C or C++.
