---
layout: post
title: "Week 12: Nearing the end"
---
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Another stressful week.  I can’t believe we only have 2 full weeks of class left, in addition to Thanksgiving break week.  This week we were introduced to our new project, Life, which in some ways seemed similar to Darwin.  I had an interview to study for on Tuesday.  On Wednesday, Steve Ronderos from Atlassian gave a presentation and spoke about their products, particularly HipChat and getting gifs to load in their app reliably and more quickly.  Another product he talked about was Jira, which was interesting for me because we used Jira for issue tracking in my summer internship.  He also talked about the tools they use in development and about the importance of user interface and user experience.  Thursday I was feeling sleep deprived, and then I must have eaten something bad because I spent the night vomiting.  Friday I was still feeling sick and recovering so I missed class, but from what I know Downing covered virtual and inline functions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Life project in some ways seems similar to Darwin, but we implement an abstract class and inheritance.  Again, we we’re not supposed to use getters and setters and we manipulate and iterate over a grid and its contents.  We’re implementing operator overloading again as well.  In class we covered dynamic/static binding.  We also need to create a templated class.

**Tip of the Week**   
The final 2 projects require a greater time commitment than the previous ones, so make sure you start early.  Don’t underestimate the time it can take to write unit tests!
